---

title: DV to Absolut Gotland 2025
date: 2025-02-10 15:14:50
thumbnail: "/img/2025/ag-2025.png"
authors: ["Informationsanvarig"]
tags: 
  - "Info"
  - " Absolut Gotland"
  - " Evenemang"
  - " Alla"

---
Then it's time again! Absolut Gotland is here and we are going there! May 16-19, we will once again travel to Kneippbyn on Gotland outside Visby.
The last registration date is February 25!

What is Absolut Gotland?
According to the organisers themselves: Absolut Gotland is a legendary party for university students that has existed for over 20 years. Just before the regular opening of the season, we book an entire cottage village and campsite in the best possible location on the coast of Gotland and throw a party for four days! Enjoy the spring sun from the terrace with a drink in hand, dance the night away at the nightclub, compete against other students in traditional Gotland games, explore Visby... AG offers something for everyone.

What happens during AG?
- Artist performance
- Events by Rhindi, the UU student union in Gotland
- Buses to Visby
- And much more, see the full program here: https://absolutgotland.se/allt-om/program

The price:
In the form you see the different price ranges that depend on how you want to live on Gotland. The price includes accommodation from Thursday to Sunday, transfer to and from Visby harbour, three breakfasts, two dinners (sittings), artist performances and all activities that take place at Kneippbyn.

Before you sign up:
- Think about with whom and how you want to stay
- Travel to and from Gotland is solved on your own.
- Registration: https://forms.gle/MkZizma8mgiKvvgW9
- AGs Website: https://absolutgotland.se/
- Facebook Event: https://fb.me/e/2Kn7zKQup